Add HA monitoring (#1196)
memgraph/documentation: pages/clustering/high-availability.mdx

</Callout>

## Observability

Monitoring the cluster state is very important and tracking various metrics can provide us with a valuable information. Currently, we track 
metrics which reveal us p50, p90 and p99 latencies of RPC messages, the duration of recovery process and the time needed to react to changes
in the cluster. We are also counting the number of different RPC messages exchanged and the number of failed requests since this can give

> us infomation about parts of the cluster that need further care. You can see the full list of metrics [here](https://memgraph.com/docs/database-management/monitoring#prometheus-exporter).

Reviewer: Is this correct link to metrics? Did you mean to link https://memgraph.com/docs/database-management/monitoring#system-metrics
```suggestion
us infomation about parts of the cluster that need further care. You can see the full list of metrics [here](/database-management/monitoring#system-metrics).
```

Author: system metrics better yes
